[SPARK-58520][SQL] Document dynamic table options in SQL reference (#57724)
apache/spark: docs/sql-ref-syntax-dml-merge-into.md

```sql
MERGE [ WITH SCHEMA EVOLUTION ] INTO target_table [ [ AS ] target_alias ]

>     [ WITH ( target_option_key = target_option_value [ , ... ] ) ]
>     USING { source_table [ WITH ( source_option_key = source_option_value [ , ... ] ) ] |

Reviewer: **Finding 5.** These four placeholders have no entry in Parameters: the bullet added at `:74` is titled `WITH ( option_key = option_value [ , ... ] )`, so a reader looking up `target_option_key` finds nothing. Every other placeholder in this syntax block (`target_table`, `source_table`, `merge_condition`, ...) has a matching bullet. The bullet body already distinguishes target from source, so the shorter names in the syntax block are enough -- and they then match the `INSERT` and `SELECT` pages.

```suggestion
    [ WITH ( option_key = option_value [ , ... ] ) ]
    USING { source_table [ WITH ( option_key = option_value [ , ... ] ) ] |
```

    The source of the merge, specified either as a table or as a parenthesized query. An optional
    alias may be provided with or without the `AS` keyword.

* **WITH ( option_key = option_value [ , ... ] )**

>     Specifies dynamic table options for this `MERGE` operation. Options following the target table
>     are passed to the data source connector for the write operation. Options following the source
>     table are passed to the connector when reading the source. The supported options depend on the
>     connector.

Reviewer: **Finding 2.** "for the write operation" undersells the target options. `RewriteMergeIntoTable.scala:130` passes the target relation's options into `buildOperationTable(tbl, MERGE, r.options)`, which wraps them in `RowLevelOperationInfoImpl` and hands them to the connector's `newRowLevelOperationBuilder(info)`. The `RowLevelOperation` that comes back receives those options on **both** sides -- `RowLevelOperation.newScanBuilder(CaseInsensitiveStringMap options)` (`sql/catalyst/src/main/java/org/apache/spark/sql/connector/write/RowLevelOperation.java:86`) as well as `newWriteBuilder` -- and `RewriteRowLevelCommand.buildRelationWithAttrs` (used at `RewriteMergeIntoTable.scala:162`) keeps them on the target scan relation too.

That matters for the likeliest use of a target option: a copy-on-write `MERGE` tuning the *read* of the affected groups would be told by this page that target options only reach the write.

```suggestion
    Specifies dynamic table options for this `MERGE` operation. Options following the target table
    are passed to the data source connector for the row-level operation on the target, which uses
    them both when reading the affected rows and when writing the result. Options following the
    source table are passed to the connector when reading the source. The supported options depend
    on the connector.
```

+--+------+-----+
```

> #### Merge Using Dynamic Table Options

Reviewer 2: same

Reviewer: **Finding 3.** Same conclusion, plus two things that moving it does not fix.

It is `#### Update Matched Rows and Insert New Rows` (`docs/sql-ref-syntax-dml-merge-into.md:172`) verbatim with two `WITH (...)` clauses added -- same target, same source, same `ON`, same two `WHEN` clauses. And it is the only `####` example on the page without a result block: `:181`, `:204`, `:224` and `:242` all show the resulting `SELECT * FROM target`, and the preamble at `:138-139` promises "Each example starts from this initial state", which only means something if the end state is shown.

The cheapest fix that keeps the page's shape is to drop the standalone example and add the two `WITH (...)` clauses to `#### Update Matched Rows and Insert New Rows` itself -- the options do not change its output, so its existing result block stays correct and the reader sees the clause in context. If you would rather keep it separate, it needs a statement that differs from its neighbour and its own result block.
